Update menubar heading (#473)
qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet: CHANGELOG.rst

* Updating a person removes the old entry also from the customerResourceService and projectManagerResourceService (`#456 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet/pull/456>`_)

> * Remove 'customer' from menu bar heading (`#473 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet/pull/473>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace 'customer' with 'person' in menu bar 'create customer' heading (`#473 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet/pull/473>`_)
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Replace 'customer' with 'person' in menu bar for the headings 'create customer' and 'search person' (`#473 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet/pull/473>`_)
```
